2022.2:
 * Version 2.6 (Rev. 3)
 * Bug Fix: Fixed multi tile SYNC enablement in ADC tile 3
 * Other: Improved timing for Multi Tile SYNC

2022.1.2:
 * Version 2.6 (Rev. 2)
 * No changes

2022.1.1:
 * Version 2.6 (Rev. 2)
 * No changes

2022.1:
 * Version 2.6 (Rev. 2)
 * Bug Fix: Fixed ADC calibration frozen reporting in gen 3 devices
 * Bug Fix: Fixed read back of Start Data register in example design data capture block
 * Other: Modified gen 3 calibration freeze process to improve recovery time following an over voltage event
 * Other: Modified gen 3 example design to use the signal magnitude detector output to freeze calibration
 * Other: Restarting a gen 3 ADC tile from the foreground calibration stage no longer effects other tiles in the clock chain

2021.2.2:
 * Version 2.6 (Rev. 1)
 * No changes

2021.2.1:
 * Version 2.6 (Rev. 1)
 * New Feature: Added support for production DFE devices

2021.2:
 * Version 2.6
 * Bug Fix: Enabled SYSREF passing through disabled tiles
 * Bug Fix: Fixed power-up state reporting in gen 3 devices
 * Bug Fix: Fixed observation channel FIFO interrupt enable in converter 3
 * New Feature: Added signal detect output for gen 3 devices
 * New Feature: Added clocking resources panel
 * New Feature: Added variable fabric width option for multi tile sync in gen 1 and gen 2 devices
 * Other: Added warning for upgrade between different RFSoC families
 * Other: Shortened ADC calibration time in simulation for gen 3 devices
 * Other: Added TDD module to RF Analyzer for gen 3 devices
 * Other: Modified calibration freeze process in gen 3 devices to freeze only the GCB and TSCB calibrations

2021.1.1:
 * Version 2.5
 * No changes

2021.1:
 * Version 2.5
 * Bug Fix: Moved the setting of the converter interrupt registers to later in the start up sequence to ensure correct operation
 * Bug Fix: Fixed tdd_mode real time signal connections in dual channel DACs
 * Bug Fix: Fixed ADC configuration for channels with dither disabled in gen 3 device
 * Bug Fix: Fixed SYSREF passing to ADCs when the SYSREF source DAC is disabled in gen 3 devices
 * Bug Fix: Fixed rounding error in fabric clock frequency setting
 * Bug Fix: Fixed issue with the opening of RF Analyzer example designs when multi tile sync is enabled in some tiles but not others
 * New Feature: Added DAC link coupling option for gen 3 devices
 * New Feature: Set TDD registers to power down without driver involvement in gen 3 devices
 * New Feature: Added observation channel configuration for gen 3 devices
 * New Feature: Added real time signal for datapath overflow
 * Other: Updated clock distribution options in gen 3 devices
 * Other: Updated PLL reference clock frequency range
 * Other: Changed ADC input in demo testbench to have a full scale range of 1V in gen 3 devices
 * Other: Updated range of PLL reference clock warning to match the datasheet values
 * Other: Added default address range of 256k
 * Other: Removed analog clock detection option from GUI
 * Other: Updated the example design Questa elaboration options to allow simulation with Questa 2020.4

2020.3:
 * Version 2.4 (Rev. 1)
 * No changes

2020.2.2:
 * Version 2.4 (Rev. 1)
 * New Feature: New gen 3 device support

2020.2.1:
 * Version 2.4
 * No changes

2020.2:
 * Version 2.4
 * Bug Fix: Fixed gen 3 RF-DAC PLL settings
 * Bug Fix: Optimized clock forwarding for gen 3 devices
 * Bug Fix: Fixed datapath mode programming for multi-band configurations in gen 3 dual DAC devices
 * Bug Fix: Fixed calibration mode comment in IP GUI
 * Bug Fix: Fixed DAC data path mode comment in IP GUI
 * Bug Fix: Fixed SYSREF gate real time input on gen 3 ADC
 * New Feature: Added ADC observation interface for gen 3 devices
 * New Feature: Added support for gen 3 production devices
 * New Feature: Added support for gen 3 autocal option
 * New Feature: Added support for gen 3 TDD real time signal interface
 * Other: Updated clock distribution options in gen 3 devices
 * Other: Updated sample rate limits for -1 speed grade gen 3 devices
 * Other: Optimized calibration process in gen 3 devices
 * Other: Modified DAC VOP real time signal interface to assert done when the update of each individual channel has completed
 * Other: Reduced power consumption of gen 3 quad ADC tiles when in the shut down state
 * Other: Updated DAC clocking in the demonstration testbench
 * Other: Turned Questa optimization off for example design simulations to avoid DAC output corruption

2020.1.1:
 * Version 2.3
 * No changes

2020.1:
 * Version 2.3
 * Bug Fix: Fixed clock forwarding options for gen 3 devices
 * Bug Fix: Made RF analyzer configurations where MMCM cannot supply the correct fabric clock illegal
 * Bug Fix: Enabled calibration freeze from API when calibration freeze real time signals are not enabled
 * Bug Fix: Fixed an issue on dual ADC gen 2 devices where the PL event input to ADC tiles 226 and 227 was not being connected
 * New Feature: Added DAC VOP real time signal interface
 * New Feature: Added clear over range real time signal input
 * Other: Updated ADC and DAC real time signal interfaces to use rfdc_rts_pins_rtl interface from IP packager
 * Other: Updated ADC and DAC NCO real time signal interfaces to use rfdc_nco_pins_rtl interface from IP packager
 * Other: Updated calibration freeze interface
 * Other: Added examples processes to set the ADC thresholds in demonstration testbench
 * Other: Updated gen 3 maximum sample rates
 * Other: Updated gen 3 PLL configuration
 * Other: Updated gen 3 FIFO read pointer start time
 * Other: Updated gen 3 clock routing
 * Other: Removed reserved calibration option for gen 3 devices
 * Other: Removed reserved TDD options for gen 3 devices

2019.2.2:
 * Version 2.2 (Rev. 2)
 * Bug Fix: Fixed clock forwarding options for gen 3 devices
 * Bug Fix: Fixed simulation of gen 3 devices when the converter band mode is set to Multi x2(IQ)

2019.2.1:
 * Version 2.2 (Rev. 1)
 * New Feature: Added support for gen3 devices

2019.2:
 * Version 2.2
 * Bug Fix: Fixed demonstration testbench  ADC data checking for configurations where decimation rates are larger than 1
 * Bug Fix: Extended calibration freeze process to freeze OCB1 calibration stage
 * New Feature: Added support for PLL reference clock input divider
 * Other: Moved the setting of the clock divider register to the initial configuration stage
 * Other: Added registers in the example design data stimulus block to improve timing
 * Other: Updated ADC interrupt register default values
 * Other: Removed ADCx_Outdiv and DACx_Outdiv parameters as these should not be modified by the user
 * Other: Reworked the generation of the ADC and DAC control buses
 * Other: Example design no longer sets the default simulator to Questa

2019.1.3:
 * Version 2.1 (Rev. 2)
 * No changes

2019.1.2:
 * Version 2.1 (Rev. 2)
 * No changes

2019.1.1:
 * Version 2.1 (Rev. 2)
 * No changes

2019.1:
 * Version 2.1 (Rev. 2)
 * Bug Fix: Fixed the demonstration testbench data checker for DAC Nyquist zone 2
 * Bug Fix: Fixed the demonstration testbench data checkers for DAC and ADC inverted Q output
 * Bug Fix: Fixed issue where GUI would allow reference clock frequencies above the maximum supported by the PLL
 * Bug Fix: Fixed rounding issue for the data stimulus block clock in the IPI example design
 * New Feature: Added support for RF Analyzer
 * New Feature: Added background calibration bypass option
 * New Feature: Added an interrupt for when the POR Finite State Machine detects an error in the power-up sequence
 * Other: Added parameter for total number of slices per Tile
 * Other: Changed Mixer Type to "Off" for ADC slices 1 and 3 when in Bypass IQ->IQ mode
 * Other: Removed the "_i" extension from the component name in the IPI example design
 * Other: Removed the following parameters which were not used by the IP DAC_AdderXY_Enable, DAC_FifoXY_Enable, DAC1_Output_Current and DAC2_Output_Current,  ADC_FifoXY_Enable
 * Other: Removed ADC/DAC debug options from IP GUI
 * Other: Removed calibration time option from GUI
 * Other: Removed pblock constraints from example design
 * Other: Reduced maximum ADC sample rate for gen 2 devices

2018.3.1:
 * Version 2.1 (Rev. 1)
 * Bug Fix: Fixed GUI issue where switching between Simple and Advanced Set-up without making any changing would sometimes cause GUI to not update correctly
 * Bug Fix: Fixed issue where the example design data capture block failed to capture the requested number of samples
 * Bug Fix: Set the FREQ_HZ parameter on clk_adcX and clk_dacX to an integer
 * Bug Fix: Fixed issue where frequency in DAC slice 3 was incorrect when updating using NCO Real-Time ports
 * Feature Enhancement: Increased Max ADC sampling rate for 5G support

2018.3:
 * Version 2.1
 * Port Change: Added new debug port for powerup state monitoring
 * Bug Fix: Fixed DAC minimum sampling rate from 100MHz to 500MHz
 * Bug Fix: Fixed issue where Multi Tile Sync could be enabled when interpolation/decimation values did not match
 * Bug Fix: Fixed issue where Multi Tile Sync could be enabled when slice 0 in a Tile was not enabled
 * Bug Fix: Fixed ADC scaling output factor for Real to Complex configurations
 * Bug Fix: Fixed issue where an early state machine restart for one tile could interfere with the operation of another
 * Bug Fix: Fixed issue where post-implementation simulations could fail when ADC0 or DAC0 were disabled
 * Bug Fix: Fixed issue where reads from the HSCOM_PWR register could get incorrect data
 * New Feature: Added support for Multiband
 * New Feature: Added support for Real Time NCO changes via dedicated ports
 * New Feature: Added counters for unexpected resets in each tile. Values stored in register Tile BaseAddress + 0x38
 * New Feature: Added option to modify reference clock divider
 * Feature Enhancement: Changed default value of Mixer Type to "Off" from "Bypass"
 * Other: Added PLL Summary Tab to GUI
 * Other: IP GUI widgets have been updated
 * Other: Interpolation/Decimation parameter values have been changed (x4->4 and x8->8)
 * Other: Increased the AXI-4Lite timeout by a factor of 4
 * Other: Added memory based data stimulus and capture blocks to example design
 * Other: Modified demo testbench data generation and checking. Data is now analyzed in the frequency domain

2018.2:
 * Version 2.0 (Rev. 1)
 * Bug Fix: Fixed DAC PLL Vco range for sampling rates above 6.4GSPS
 * Bug Fix: Set max ADC sampling rate to 4.096GHz for ZU25/27/28DR devices
 * Bug Fix: Fix issue with Multi Tile SYNC sysref counters. Previous counters could fail to meet the minimum threshold value
 * Bug Fix: Fixed issue with the opening of the example design in Windows
 * Bug Fix: Updated PLL VREG setting
 * Feature Enhancement: Improved AXI to DRP access times
 * Feature Enhancement: Disabled interpolation filter on unused paths
 * Feature Enhancement: Removed LUTAR methodology warning
 * Feature Enhancement: Implemented new PLL lock procedure
 * Feature Enhancement: Wait for de-assertion of AXI-Streaming reset before completing start-up
 * Other: Changed example design name to rfdc_ex to reduce path lengths
 * Other: Increased minimum PLL reference clock from 50MHz to 102.4062MHZ

2018.1:
 * Version 2.0
 * Port Change: Removed user_sysref port and replaced with optional dac_user_sysref and adc_user_sysref ports. See product guide for more information
 * Port Change: Added ADC over voltage and over range to the real time signal ports
 * Port Change: Re-named ADC real time signal and calibration freeze ports
 * Port Change: Changed Calibration Freeze Port interface to per tile. No change to actual ports
 * Port Change: Removed bit 15 from ADC and DAC cmn_control debug ports
 * Bug Fix: Fixed issue with ADC CONTROL_COMMON inputs being tied all to same input
 * Bug Fix: Fixed synthesis issue when ADC calibration mode is set to mode1, data output is I/Q and mixer is bypassed
 * Bug Fix: Fixed issue with ADC/DAC tile debug ports (pll_dmon, pll_lock, status and done) not being driven
 * Bug Fix: Always enable the DAC Vdda bleeder
 * New Feature: Added support for Multi Tile SYNC
 * New Feature: Added GUI option to enable/disable dither
 * New Feature: Added GUI option to speed-up Calibration Time
 * New Feature: Added GUI option for Auto Calibration Freeze
 * New Feature: Added GUI option for Simple Converter Set-up
 * New Feature: Added support for creating example design in IP Integrator
 * Feature Enhancement: Updated ADC calibration freeze settings
 * Feature Enhancement: Enhanced Vco settings
 * Feature Enhancement: Freeze calibration when over-voltage or over-range converter outputs are asserted
 * Feature Enhancement: Cleared datapath, fabric and decoder interrupts after start-up
 * Feature Enhancement: Reset the ADC NCO phase to align I and Q output on 4GSPS ADCs
 * Feature Enhancement: Increased Max Sampling Rates for ADC and DAC.
 * Feature Enhancement: Optimized calibration process to shorten start up time
 * Feature Enhancement: Added support for NCO frequencies above Fs/2
 * Feature Enhancement: Improved GUI layout
 * Other: Removed GUI option to select external/internal SYSREF
 * Other: Release AXI IPIF files into same directory as the other HDL

2017.4:
 * Version 1.1
 * No changes

2017.3:
 * Version 1.1
 * Bug Fix: 2017.3_uspea_updates
 * Bug Fix: Negative Quadrature option is only available when Fine Mixer is enabled
 * Bug Fix: Tile and Slice interrupts are now enabled by default
 * Bug Fix: Link Coupling is now an option for each individual ADC Tile
 * Bug Fix: Corrected coarse mixer settings
 * Bug Fix: Fixed reset of state machines when supplies or clocks are lost
 * Bug Fix: Fixed issue regarding tile resets and restarts. Please see product guide for detailed information
 * Bug Fix: AXI Streaming bus widths depend on the number of AXI4-lite words per clock cycle
 * Bug Fix: Fixed issue where in some configurations Clock Out Frequency was not listing all valid frequencies
 * Bug Fix: Removed invalid samples per AXI4-Stream word values from GUI when IQ data selected
 * Bug Fix: Fixed issue that could cause in some occasions incorrect data to be returned from a read to a DRP register
 * Bug Fix: Corrected DAC decoder output order
 * Bug Fix: Corrected ADC calibration constants and sequence
 * Bug Fix: 2017.3_updates
 * Bug Fix: Fixed DAC interpolation data register setting for IQ data
 * Bug Fix: Fixed issue where SYSREF Source was enabled only when DAC Tile 228 PLL was enabled
 * Bug Fix: Maximum ADC output clock frequency has been reduced to avoid min-pulse-width violations
 * Bug Fix: Corrected 2GSPS ADC IQ to IQ data routing
 * Bug Fix: NCO values now updated on a per tile basis rather then per individual slice
 * Bug Fix: Fine mixer settings fixed for negative quadrature option
 * Bug Fix: Fixed negative NCO frequency setting in ADC calibration mode 1
 * Bug Fix: Increased time for regulators to settle
 * Bug Fix: Ensured clock divider is set correctly after a reset
 * Bug Fix: Fixed the setting of the fine mixer NCO frequency on windows
 * Feature Enhancement: 2017.3_uspea_updates
 * Feature Enhancement: Added option to GUI for selecting Nyquist Zone
 * Feature Enhancement: Added option to GUI for selecting DAC Decoder Mode
 * Feature Enhancement: Added option to GUI to select the Coarse mixer frequency
 * Feature Enhancement: Added option to GUI for debug ports
 * Feature Enhancement: Added option to GUI to save and load custom presets
 * Feature Enhancement: Added support for Fine NCO mixer
 * Feature Enhancement: Added a register to set the power up sequence timer
 * Feature Enhancement: Added a new input user_sysref. See product guide for more information
 * Feature Enhancement: Updated PLL and ADC calibration settings
 * Feature Enhancement: Added location constraints of converters
 * Feature Enhancement: Added option to GUI to disable analog clock detection
 * Feature Enhancement: Added option to GUI to select DAC output current
 * Feature Enhancement: Added option to GUI to select ADC calibration mode
 * Feature Enhancement: 2017.3_updates
 * Feature Enhancement: Improved PLL lock performance
 * Feature Enhancement: Added Over Range and Over Voltage interrupts to ADC
 * Feature Enhancement: BUFG GTs have been added on all DAC and ADC output clocks
 * Feature Enhancement: Added support in ADC for IQ->IQ when Mixer is bypassed
 * Feature Enhancement: Added support for real time control of the converters
 * Feature Enhancement: Added register to disable the converter FIFOs
 * Feature Enhancement: Disabled unused Mixer and FIFO when in IQ->IQ mode to reduce power consumption
 * Feature Enhancement: Added calibration freeze when the ADC input is lost
 * Other: 2017.3_uspea_updates
 * Other: Reduced behavioral simulation start up time
 * Other: Restricted write access to some of the DRP registers
 * Other: Power down PLL in tiles where it is not being used
 * Other: Added delay between power-up state machine so converters do not all start at the same time
 * Other: 2017.3_updates
 * Other: Bypassed PLL fractional divider
 * Other: Optimized post-implementation speed up registers
 * Other: Removed medium and low BW decimation and interpolation options

2017.2:
 * Version 1.0
 * No changes

2017.1:
 * Version 1.0
 * General: Initial Release

(c) Copyright 2017 - 2022 Xilinx, Inc. All rights reserved.

This file contains confidential and proprietary information
of Xilinx, Inc. and is protected under U.S. and
international copyright and other intellectual property
laws.

DISCLAIMER
This disclaimer is not a license and does not grant any
rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as
otherwise provided in a valid license issued to you by
Xilinx, and to the maximum extent permitted by applicable
law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND
WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES
AND CONDITIONS, EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING
BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-
INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and
(2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or tort,
including negligence, or under any other theory of
liability) for any loss or damage of any kind or nature
related to, arising under or in connection with these
materials, including for any direct, or any indirect,
special, incidental, or consequential loss or damage
(including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or any type of
loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought
by a third party) even if such damage or loss was
reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been advised of the
possibility of the same.

CRITICAL APPLICATIONS
Xilinx products are not designed or intended to be fail-
safe, or for use in any application requiring fail-safe
performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities,
applications related to the deployment of airbags, or any
other applications that could lead to death, personal
injury, or severe property or environmental damage
(individually and collectively, "Critical
Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical
Applications, subject only to applicable laws and
regulations governing limitations on product liability.

THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS
PART OF THIS FILE AT ALL TIMES.
